[cloudflare] add docs for cache interception (#146)
opennextjs/docs: pages/cloudflare/caching.mdx

- A **Queue** to synchronize and deduplicate time-based revalidations
- A **Tag Cache** for On-demand revalidations via [`revalidateTag`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/functions/revalidateTag) and [`revalidatePath`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/functions/revalidatePath).

> You can also enable `cache interception`, which allows to avoid calling `NextServer` and thus loading the javascript associated with the page. It can slightly improve cold start performance for ISR/SSG route.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also enable cache interception, to avoid calling the `NextServer` and thus loading the javascript associated with the page. It can slightly improve cold start performance for ISR/SSG route on cached routes.
```
